Add dad's feedback. Fixes #44. (#47)
dispatchrabbi/half-day-security-guide: src/text.md

When setting up 2FA, if you are given the choice between using an authenticator app or receiving text messages, we recommend using the authenticator app.[^authapp] If the service can only send text messages, that's fine too. The authenticator app strategy is slightly more secure, but not enough that we're going to make a big deal out of it.

>   [^authapp]: Google also has a two-factor authentication system where, if you have an Android phone, it will pop up a screen on your phone asking if you're signing in. This only works for Google apps, but it's also a valid choice if you want to use it.

Reviewer: Apple has a similar service that pops up a code on iOS devices and Macs when you log into Apple services.

## Smart Speakers
If you have a smart speaker, **throw it out**.

> Smart speakers like Alexa and Google Home sit in your house and can listen to everything you and your family say, then send those recordings back to Amazon and Google, where you have no control over who can listen to them or give them to someone else. Even with the privacy policies that accompany these devices, even with the quality-of-life improvement, *even* with the Three Dumb Router approach, we think the potential tradeoffs are too high. We possible to confidently and securely host a smart speaker in your house — so don't.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Smart speakers like Alexa and Google Home sit in your house and can listen to everything you and your family say, then send those recordings back to Amazon and Google, where you have no control over who can listen to them or give them to someone else. Even with the privacy policies that accompany these devices, even with the quality-of-life improvement, *even* with the Three Dumb Router approach, we think the potential tradeoffs are too high. We are of the opinion that it is impossible to confidently and securely host a smart speaker in your house — so don't.
```

Author: I have no idea what the heck happened here.
